Added 'Not known' and 'Not applicable' generic degree subjects (#71)
DFE-Digital/dfe-reference-data: docs/lists_degrees.md

| `hecos_code` | optional string | The HESA [DEGSBJ](https://www.hesa.ac.uk/collection/c22053/e/degsbj) code for this degree subject (from [HECoS](https://www.hesa.ac.uk/support/documentation/hecos)) (for single subjects) |
| `subject_ids` | optional UUID array | The `SINGLE_SUBJECTS` IDs of the individual parts, in order (for combined subjects) |

### `DfE::ReferenceData::Degrees::GENERIC_SUBJECTS`

```ruby
require 'dfe/reference_data/degrees'
```

Generic subject options

Owner: Register team.

Users: Register team.

Source: Manual

Quality: Manually updated on an ad-hoc basis. Please submit a pull request if inaccuracies or omissions are found.

This list is [autocomplete compatible](autocomplete_compatability.md).

| Field | Type | Purpose |
|---|---|---|
| `id` | UUID | A unique identifier. The same as `dttp_id` if that field is non-`nil`, otherwise a new UUID was minted at import time. |

> | `name` | string | The long name of the subject, eg "accountancy" |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `name` | string | The name of the generic category of degree subject, for example "not applicable" |
```

> | `suggestion_synonyms` | string array | A list of common alternative names that *may* be appropriate for this subject |
> | `match_synonyms` | string array | A list of common alternative names that are equivalent to this subject. An answer matching a match synonym can be safely matched to this subject.|

Reviewer: Drop these for the generic subjects? 🤔 

```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: I've got some synonyms to add for them later. eg `n/a`, `na`, `other`...

Reviewer: how would you use these? Do these options appear in an autocomplete for you?
